with its factory tuning and data center
DNA and Intel 730 series SSD is an
amazing choice for gamers and
performance enthusiasts now I've looked
at 10 keyless keyboards in the past but
I'm a heavy number pad users so I've
never really forced myself to use one
for an extended period of time
coolermaster was all like okay well
we're gonna send you one but you have to
actually use it so I said okay make sure
it has brown switches on it and I'll
consider it so they did so now I really
have to try it but now if you don't know
what a 10 keyless keyboard is then
prepare yourself for a shock because
it's missing a lot more than 10 keys
versus a standard hundred and four key
layout actually 17 keys because the
number pad and all the other nearby keys
are all not there the reason for this is
that it's actually more ergonomic to
have your mouse closer to the standard
home row typing position than a standard
keyboard allows the way most people end
up compensating is either by typing too
far to the left which causes strain or
by moving their Mouse hand over too far
to the right which also causes strain
and this isn't marketing BS it's just
fact the sacrifice that you make
especially if like me you use your
number pad a lot is that it's not there
and especially at first I found myself
reaching for that part of my keyboard a
lot even little things like clicking on
something and then trying to press the
bottom right Enter key drove me bananas
at the beginning so that's 10 keyless
keyboards in general but I guess I
should get into some specifics about the
rapid eye from Coolermaster true to see
M storms usual mo it's a solidly built
mechanical keyboard featuring Cherry MX
switches and a really pleasing matte
black soft touch finish with laser
etched keys it's got a full backlight in
this case white we have five levels of
brightness which you can adjust just
like that and a few cool lighting modes
that cool master is brending active
lights including full illumination
breathing two different types of
reactive typing with or without a fade
out and four different profiles that can
be programmed and then recalled in just
a few seconds
so you can pick which keys you want
illuminated I made a little squiggly
line across the keyboard it's got media
controls that can be accessed with a
function modifier and one more cool
feature something I've only seen a
couple of times is that it's also got
repeat rate control this is less useful
for typing since it affects how fast a
key that you're holding down will repeat
on the screen so things get out of
control pretty fast 1x is normal looks
like this well 2 X looks like this 4 X
looks like this and 8 X is just
ridiculous but gaming is a different
story and this will come in handy for
commands that you want to execute
repeatedly much faster than you can
press the button repeatedly QuickTime
events where you need to match the
button hot bring it on
alright so back to the 10 keyless
experience as a whole for a bit I did
almost immediately notice the
improvement in my mouse and comfort for
general computer use and for gaming even
though for quite a while it weirded me
out every time I took my hand off my
mouse to press a key on the right side
of the keyboard just be missing at least
that's not an issue for gaming when
really the left side of the keyboard is
the only part that's in use so overall
after my trial period I'm not quite
ready to make the switch
I think I'd need to pick up a USB
mechanical number pad to use on the
right side of my mouse something a lot
of 10 keyless users who use number pads
do and try that out a little bit before
I commit but what I will say is I
definitely liked the improved ergonomics
of not feeling like my posture is either
too wide or shifted too far to the left
and if I was shopping for a 10 keyless
today the rapid I would have my
attention since Coolermaster is using
genuine Cherry MX switches on this model
and the build quality overall is nice
and solid thanks for watching guys the
link for where to buy this product is in
the video description as always it
includes pricing I don't usually talk
about pricing so that changes all the
time anyway that's all below the like
dislike and share buttons which I'd love
for you to use accordingly also in the
video description is a support link
where you can buy a t-shirt give us a
monthly contribution or change your
Amazon browser bookmark to one with our
affiliate code so we get a kickback
whenever you buy lemons or whatever it
is people buy on Amazon these days that
helps us out a lot so thank you for
watching and as always don't forget to
subscribe for this tech tip for
boxing's reviews and other computer
videos